# RemotePlaidConnectionDocumentsEnvironmentPlaidComItemGetBody

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**auth_method** | Option<**AuthMethod**> | The method used to populate Auth data for the Item. This field is only populated for Items that have had Auth numbers data set on at least one of its accounts, and will be `null` otherwise. For info about the various flows, see our [Auth coverage documentation](https://plaid.com/docs/auth/coverage/).  `INSTANT_AUTH`: The Item's Auth data was provided directly by the user's institution connection.  `INSTANT_MATCH`: The Item's Auth data was provided via the Instant Match fallback flow.  `AUTOMATED_MICRODEPOSITS`: The Item's Auth data was provided via the Automated Micro-deposits flow.  `SAME_DAY_MICRODEPOSITS`: The Item's Auth data was provided via the Same Day Micro-deposits flow.  `INSTANT_MICRODEPOSITS`: The Item's Auth data was provided via the Instant Micro-deposits flow.  `DATABASE_MATCH`: The Item's Auth data was provided via the Database Match flow.  `DATABASE_INSIGHTS`: The Item's Auth data was provided via the Database Insights flow.  `TRANSFER_MIGRATED`: The Item's Auth data was provided via [`/transfer/migrate_account`](https://plaid.com/docs/api/products/transfer/account-linking/#migrate-account-into-transfers).  `INVESTMENTS_FALLBACK`: The Item's Auth data for Investments Move was provided via a [fallback flow](https://plaid.com/docs/investments-move/#fallback-flows). (enum: INSTANT_AUTH, INSTANT_MATCH, AUTOMATED_MICRODEPOSITS, SAME_DAY_MICRODEPOSITS, INSTANT_MICRODEPOSITS, DATABASE_MATCH, DATABASE_INSIGHTS, TRANSFER_MIGRATED, INVESTMENTS_FALLBACK, ) | [optional]
**available_products** | **Vec<AvailableProducts>** | A list of products available for the Item that have not yet been accessed. The contents of this array will be mutually exclusive with `billed_products`. (enum: assets, auth, balance, balance_plus, beacon, identity, identity_match, investments, investments_auth, liabilities, payment_initiation, identity_verification, transactions, credit_details, income, income_verification, standing_orders, transfer, employment, recurring_transactions, transactions_refresh, signal, statements, processor_payments, processor_identity, profile, cra_base_report, cra_income_insights, cra_partner_insights, cra_network_insights, cra_cashflow_insights, cra_monitoring, cra_lend_score, cra_plaid_credit_score, layer, pay_by_bank, protect_linked_bank) | 
**billed_products** | **Vec<BilledProducts>** | A list of products that have been billed for the Item. The contents of this array will be mutually exclusive with `available_products`. Note - `billed_products` is populated in all environments but only requests in Production are billed. Also note that products that are billed on a pay-per-call basis rather than a pay-per-Item basis, such as `balance`, will not appear here.  (enum: assets, auth, balance, balance_plus, beacon, identity, identity_match, investments, investments_auth, liabilities, payment_initiation, identity_verification, transactions, credit_details, income, income_verification, standing_orders, transfer, employment, recurring_transactions, transactions_refresh, signal, statements, processor_payments, processor_identity, profile, cra_base_report, cra_income_insights, cra_partner_insights, cra_network_insights, cra_cashflow_insights, cra_monitoring, cra_lend_score, cra_plaid_credit_score, layer, pay_by_bank, protect_linked_bank) | 
**consent_expiration_time** | Option<**chrono::DateTime<chrono::FixedOffset>**> | The date and time at which the Item's access consent will expire, in [ISO 8601](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. If the Item does not have consent expiration scheduled, this field will be `null`. Currently, only institutions in Europe and a small number of institutions in the US have expiring consent. For a list of US institutions that currently expire consent, see the [OAuth Guide](https://plaid.com/docs/link/oauth/#refreshing-item-consent). | 
**consented_products** | Option<**Vec<ConsentedProducts>**> | A list of products that the user has consented to for the Item via [Data Transparency Messaging](https://plaid.com/docs/link/data-transparency-messaging-migration-guide). This will consist of all products where both of the following are true: the user has consented to the required data scopes for that product and you have Production access for that product.  (enum: assets, auth, balance, balance_plus, beacon, identity, identity_match, investments, investments_auth, liabilities, payment_initiation, identity_verification, transactions, credit_details, income, income_verification, standing_orders, transfer, employment, recurring_transactions, transactions_refresh, signal, statements, processor_payments, processor_identity, profile, cra_base_report, cra_income_insights, cra_partner_insights, cra_network_insights, cra_cashflow_insights, cra_monitoring, cra_lend_score, cra_plaid_credit_score, layer, pay_by_bank, protect_linked_bank) | [optional]
**error** | Option<[**models::Error**](Error.md)> |  | 
**institution_id** | Option<**String**> | The Plaid Institution ID associated with the Item. Field is `null` for Items created without an institution connection, such as Items created via Same Day Micro-deposits. | [optional]
**institution_name** | Option<**String**> | The name of the institution associated with the Item. Field is `null` for Items created without an institution connection, such as Items created via Same Day Micro-deposits. | [optional]
**item_id** | **String** | The Plaid Item ID. The `item_id` is always unique; linking the same account at the same institution twice will result in two Items with different `item_id` values. Like all Plaid identifiers, the `item_id` is case-sensitive. | 
**products** | Option<**Vec<Products>**> | A list of products added to the Item. In almost all cases, this will be the same as the `billed_products` field. For some products, it is possible for the product to be added to an Item but not yet billed (e.g. Assets, before `/asset_report/create` has been called, or Auth or Identity when added as Optional Products but before their endpoints have been called), in which case the product may appear in `products` but not in `billed_products`.  (enum: assets, auth, balance, balance_plus, beacon, identity, identity_match, investments, investments_auth, liabilities, payment_initiation, identity_verification, transactions, credit_details, income, income_verification, standing_orders, transfer, employment, recurring_transactions, transactions_refresh, signal, statements, processor_payments, processor_identity, profile, cra_base_report, cra_income_insights, cra_partner_insights, cra_network_insights, cra_cashflow_insights, cra_monitoring, cra_lend_score, cra_plaid_credit_score, layer, pay_by_bank, protect_linked_bank) | [optional]
**update_type** | **UpdateType** | Indicates whether an Item requires user interaction to be updated, which can be the case for Items with some forms of two-factor authentication.  `background` - Item can be updated in the background  `user_present_required` - Item requires user interaction to be updated (enum: background, user_present_required) | 
**webhook** | Option<**String**> | The URL registered to receive webhooks for the Item. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


