# RemoteFinicityAccountDocumentsApiFinicityComAggregationV1CustomersCustomerIdInstitutionLoginsInstitutionLoginIdAccountsBody

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**account_nickname** | **String** | The account nickname | 
**account_number_display** | **String** | Account identifier derived by Mastercard from the account number provided by the financial institution. The format varies depending on the institution. We recommend using this to identify accounts if available. Below is a non-exhaustive list of examples for the `accountNumberDisplay` field. * 5720 * 3539-259 * 1500-1 * 0824-S0050 | 
**aggregation_attempt_date** | Option<**i64**> | A timestamp showing the last aggregation attempt, whether successful or not. This will not be present until you have run your first aggregation for the account. A date in Unix epoch time (in seconds). See: [Handling Epoch Dates and Times](https://developer.mastercard.com/open-finance-us/documentation/errors/best-practices/). | [optional]
**aggregation_status_code** | Option<**i32**> | The status of the most recent aggregation attempt (see [Aggregation Status Codes](https://developer.mastercard.com/open-finance-us/documentation/products/manage/account-aggregation/#aggregation-status-codes)). Won't be present until you have run your first aggregation for the account. | [optional]
**aggregation_success_date** | Option<**i64**> | A timestamp showing the last successful aggregation of the account. This will not be present until you have run your first aggregation for the account. A date in Unix epoch time (in seconds). See: [Handling Epoch Dates and Times](https://developer.mastercard.com/open-finance-us/documentation/errors/best-practices/). | [optional]
**balance** | Option<**f64**> | The cleared balance of the account as of `balanceDate` | [optional]
**balance_date** | Option<**i64**> | A timestamp showing when the balance was captured by the FI. A date in Unix epoch time (in seconds). See: [Handling Epoch Dates and Times](https://developer.mastercard.com/open-finance-us/documentation/errors/best-practices/). | [optional]
**created_date** | **i64** | A timestamp showing when the account record was created. A date in Unix epoch time (in seconds). See: [Handling Epoch Dates and Times](https://developer.mastercard.com/open-finance-us/documentation/errors/best-practices/). | 
**currency** | **String** | A currency code | 
**customer_id** | **String** | A customer ID. See Add Customer API for how to create a customer ID. | 
**detail** | Option<[**models::RemoteFinicityAccountDocumentsApiFinicityComAggregationV1CustomersCustomerIdInstitutionLoginsInstitutionLoginIdAccountsBodyDetail**](RemoteFinicityAccountDocumentsApiFinicityComAggregationV1CustomersCustomerIdInstitutionLoginsInstitutionLoginIdAccountsBodyDetail.md)> |  | [optional]
**display_position** | Option<**i32**> | Display position of the account at the financial institution, \"1\"     being the top listed account | [optional]
**id** | **String** | An account ID | 
**institution_id** | **String** | The ID of a financial institution | 
**institution_login_id** | **i64** | An institution login ID (from the account record), represented as a number | 
**last_transaction_date** | Option<**i64**> | The date of the latest transaction on the account. This will not be present until you have run your first aggregation for the account. A date in Unix epoch time (in seconds). See: [Handling Epoch Dates and Times](https://developer.mastercard.com/open-finance-us/documentation/errors/best-practices/). | [optional]
**last_updated_date** | Option<**i64**> | A timestamp showing when the account was last modified. A date in Unix epoch time (in seconds). See: [Handling Epoch Dates and Times](https://developer.mastercard.com/open-finance-us/documentation/errors/best-practices/). | [optional]
**linked_account_date** | Option<**i64**> | A timestamp showing when the customer first linked the account via Data Connect. A date in Unix epoch time (in seconds). See: [Handling Epoch Dates and Times](https://developer.mastercard.com/open-finance-us/documentation/errors/best-practices/). | [optional]
**market_segment** | Option<**String**> | The market segment of the account. Possible values: personal, business | [optional]
**name** | **String** | The account name from the institution | 
**number** | **String** | Account number provided by the financial institution. The format varies depending on the institution. Some digits may be masked. If an ACH number is needed, call the ACH endpoints. Below is a non-exhaustive list of examples for the `number` field. * 8089258 * 103275057=01 * 2000004444 | 
**oldest_transaction_date** | Option<**i64**> | The date of the oldest transaction in the transactions for the account. A date in Unix epoch time (in seconds). See: [Handling Epoch Dates and Times](https://developer.mastercard.com/open-finance-us/documentation/errors/best-practices/). | [optional]
**parent_account** | Option<**String**> | The assigned account ID for the account one level higher in the student loan account hierarchy | [optional]
**position** | Option<[**Vec<models::RemoteFinicityAccountDocumentsApiFinicityComAggregationV1CustomersCustomerIdInstitutionLoginsInstitutionLoginIdAccountsBodyPositionInner>**](RemoteFinicityAccountDocumentsApiFinicityComAggregationV1CustomersCustomerIdInstitutionLoginsInstitutionLoginIdAccountsBodyPositionInner.md)> | Investment holdings | [optional]
**real_account_number_last4** | Option<**String**> | The last 4 digits of the account number, derived by Mastercard from the account number provided by the financial institution. This is only returned for ACH-enabled accounts. | [optional]
**status** | **String** | \"pending\" during account discovery, always \"active\" following   successful account activation | 
**r#type** | **String** | The list of supported account types. * \"checking\": Standard checking * \"savings\": Standard savings * \"cd\": Certificates of deposit * \"moneyMarket\": Money Market * \"creditCard\": Standard credit cards * \"lineOfCredit\": Home equity, line of credit * \"investment\": Generic investment (no details) * \"investmentTaxDeferred\": Generic tax-advantaged investment (no details) * \"employeeStockPurchasePlan\": ESPP, Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOP), Stock Purchase Plans * \"ira\": Individual Retirement Account (not Rollover or Roth) * \"401k\": 401K Plan * \"roth\": Roth IRA, Roth 401K * \"403b\": 403B Plan * \"529plan\": 529 Plan (True value is 529) * \"rollover\": Rollover IRA * \"ugma\": Uniform Gifts to Minors Act * \"utma\": Uniform Transfers to Minors Act * \"keogh\": Keogh Plan * \"457plan\": 457 Plan (True value is 457) * \"401a\": 401A Plan * \"brokerageAccount\": Brokerage Account * \"educationSavings\": Education Savings Account that is not a 529 * \"healthSavingsAccount\": HSA (Health Savings Accounts) * \"pension\": Pension * \"profitSharingPlan\": Profit Sharing Plan * \"roth401k\": Roth 401K * \"sepIRA\": Simplified Employee Pension IRA * \"simpleIRA\": Simple IRA * \"thriftSavingsPlan\": Thrift Savings Plan * \"variableAnnuity\": Variable Annuity * \"cryptocurrency\": Cryptocurrency Wallet, Cryptocurrency Account * \"mortgage\": Standard Mortgages * \"loan\": Auto loans, equity loans, other loans * \"studentLoan\": Student Loan * \"studentLoanGroup\": Student Loan Group * \"studentLoanAccount\": Student Loan Account | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


