# Transaction

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**account_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID of the account in which this transaction occurred. | [optional]
**account_owner** | Option<**String**> | This field is not typically populated and only relevant when dealing with sub-accounts. A sub-account most commonly exists in cases where a single account is linked to multiple cards, each with its own card number and card holder name; each card will be considered a sub-account. If the account does have sub-accounts, this field will typically be some combination of the sub-account owner's name and/or the sub-account mask. The format of this field is not standardized and will vary based on institution. | 
**amount** | Option<**f64**> | The settled value of the transaction, denominated in the transactions's currency, as stated in `iso_currency_code` or `unofficial_currency_code`. For all products except Income: Positive values when money moves out of the account; negative values when money moves in. For example, debit card purchases are positive; credit card payments, direct deposits, and refunds are negative. For Income endpoints, values are positive when representing income. | [optional]
**authorized_date** | Option<**chrono::NaiveDate**> | The date that the transaction was authorized. For posted transactions, the `date` field will indicate the posted date, but `authorized_date` will indicate the day the transaction was authorized by the financial institution. If presenting transactions to the user in a UI, the `authorized_date`, when available, is generally preferable to use over the `date` field for posted transactions, as it will generally represent the date the user actually made the transaction. Dates are returned in an [ISO 8601](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format ( `YYYY-MM-DD` ). | 
**authorized_datetime** | Option<**chrono::DateTime<chrono::FixedOffset>**> | Date and time when a transaction was authorized in [ISO 8601](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format ( `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ` ). For posted transactions, the `datetime` field will indicate the posted date, but `authorized_datetime` will indicate the day the transaction was authorized by the financial institution. If presenting transactions to the user in a UI, the `authorized_datetime`, when available, is generally preferable to use over the `datetime` field for posted transactions, as it will generally represent the date the user actually made the transaction.  This field is returned for select financial institutions and comes as provided by the institution. It may contain default time values (such as 00:00:00). This field is only populated in API version 2019-05-29 and later. | 
**check_number** | Option<**String**> | The check number of the transaction. This field is only populated for check transactions. | [optional]
**counterparties** | Option<[**Vec<models::Counterparty1>**](Counterparty1.md)> | The counterparties present in the transaction. Counterparties, such as the merchant or the financial institution, are extracted by Plaid from the raw description. | [optional]
**date** | Option<**chrono::NaiveDate**> | For pending transactions, the date that the transaction occurred; for posted transactions, the date that the transaction posted. Both dates are returned in an [ISO 8601](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format ( `YYYY-MM-DD` ). To receive information about the date that a posted transaction was initiated, see the `authorized_date` field. | [optional]
**datetime** | Option<**chrono::DateTime<chrono::FixedOffset>**> | Date and time when a transaction was posted in [ISO 8601](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format ( `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ` ). For the date that the transaction was initiated, rather than posted, see the `authorized_datetime` field.  This field is returned for select financial institutions and comes as provided by the institution. It may contain default time values (such as 00:00:00). This field is only populated in API version 2019-05-29 and later. | 
**iso_currency_code** | Option<**String**> | The ISO-4217 currency code of the transaction. Always `null` if `unofficial_currency_code` is non-null. | [optional]
**location** | [**models::TransactionLocation**](TransactionLocation.md) |  | 
**logo_url** | Option<**String**> | The URL of a logo associated with this transaction, if available. The logo will always be 100×100 pixel PNG file. | [optional]
**merchant_entity_id** | Option<**String**> | A unique, stable, Plaid-generated ID that maps to the merchant. In the case of a merchant with multiple retail locations, this field will map to the broader merchant, not a specific location or store. | [optional]
**merchant_name** | Option<**String**> | The merchant name, as enriched by Plaid from the `name` field. This is typically a more human-readable version of the merchant counterparty in the transaction. For some bank transactions (such as checks or account transfers) where there is no meaningful merchant name, this value will be `null`. | [optional]
**name** | **String** | The merchant name or transaction description.  Note: While Plaid does not currently plan to remove this field, it is a legacy field that is not actively maintained. Use `merchant_name` instead for the merchant name.  If the `transactions` object was returned by a Transactions endpoint such as `/transactions/sync` or `/transactions/get`, this field will always appear. If the `transactions` object was returned by an Assets endpoint such as `/asset_report/get/` or `/asset_report/pdf/get`, this field will only appear in an Asset Report with Insights. | 
**original_description** | Option<**String**> | The string returned by the financial institution to describe the transaction. For transactions returned by `/transactions/sync` or `/transactions/get`, this field will only be included if the client has set `options.include_original_description` to `true`. | [optional]
**payment_channel** | **PaymentChannel** | The channel used to make a payment. `online:` transactions that took place online.  `in store:` transactions that were made at a physical location.  `other:` transactions that relate to banks, e.g. fees or deposits.  This field replaces the `transaction_type` field.  (enum: online, in store, other) | 
**payment_meta** | [**models::PaymentMeta**](PaymentMeta.md) |  | 
**pending** | Option<**bool**> | When `true`, identifies the transaction as pending or unsettled. Pending transaction details (name, type, amount, category ID) may change before they are settled. Not all institutions provide pending transactions. | [optional]
**pending_transaction_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID of a posted transaction's associated pending transaction, where applicable. Not all institutions provide pending transactions. | 
**personal_finance_category** | Option<[**models::PersonalFinanceCategory**](PersonalFinanceCategory.md)> |  | [optional]
**personal_finance_category_icon_url** | Option<**String**> | The URL of an icon associated with the primary personal finance category. The icon will always be 100×100 pixel PNG file. | [optional]
**transaction_code** | Option<**TransactionCode**> | An identifier classifying the transaction type.  This field is only populated for European institutions. For institutions in the US and Canada, this field is set to `null`.  `adjustment:` Bank adjustment  `atm:` Cash deposit or withdrawal via an automated teller machine  `bank charge:` Charge or fee levied by the institution  `bill payment`: Payment of a bill  `cash:` Cash deposit or withdrawal  `cashback:` Cash withdrawal while making a debit card purchase  `cheque:` Document ordering the payment of money to another person or organization  `direct debit:` Automatic withdrawal of funds initiated by a third party at a regular interval  `interest:` Interest earned or incurred  `purchase:` Purchase made with a debit or credit card  `standing order:` Payment instructed by the account holder to a third party at a regular interval  `transfer:` Transfer of money between accounts (enum: adjustment, atm, bank charge, bill payment, cash, cashback, cheque, direct debit, interest, purchase, standing order, transfer, ) | 
**transaction_id** | Option<**String**> | The unique ID of the transaction. Like all Plaid identifiers, the `transaction_id` is case sensitive. | [optional]
**transaction_type** | Option<**TransactionType**> | Please use the `payment_channel` field, `transaction_type` will be deprecated in the future.  `digital:` transactions that took place online.  `place:` transactions that were made at a physical location.  `special:` transactions that relate to banks, e.g. fees or deposits.  `unresolved:` transactions that do not fit into the other three types.  (enum: digital, place, special, unresolved) | [optional]
**unofficial_currency_code** | Option<**String**> | The unofficial currency code associated with the transaction. Always `null` if `iso_currency_code` is non-`null`. Unofficial currency codes are used for currencies that do not have official ISO currency codes, such as cryptocurrencies and the currencies of certain countries.  See the [currency code schema](https://plaid.com/docs/api/accounts#currency-code-schema) for a full listing of supported `iso_currency_code`s. | [optional]
**website** | Option<**String**> | The website associated with this transaction, if available. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


